This distribution contains all known useful MGR clients and some useless ones.
However, some big software packages support MGR, but only as a minor feature.
Some of these are listed here.

  PLPLOT library, does very professional looking graphics with scaling
fonts and many special characters etc.  Until the MGR driver is part of
that package, patches can be obtained from fanchiot@nxth04.cern.ch.

Main source available from: ftp://dino.ph.utexas.edu/plplot


  Origami, the folding text editor.  If you are not member of a fanclub
for GNU Emacs, vi or something else yet, then give it a try.  Origami
supports browsing through a text with opening/closing folds and
positioning the text cursor, MGR menus are being worked on.  If you
intend to hack in MGR, Origami will help you a lot, because MGR server source
is folded using it.  Origami supports bindings similar to Emacs, vi and
MultiTool.

Available from: ftp://ftp.thp.uni-koeln.de/pub/linux/origami/origami.tz


  GNU EMACS elisp code, supporting resizable MGR windows, mouse pointing,
extensive menus and a full mgr library.

Available from: archimedes.nosc.mil, in the MGR distribution.


  GNUPlot is currently being ported, a patch is available from
fanchiot@nxth04.cern.ch.

Available from archimedes.nosc.mil (another port)


  PBMPLUS is a package to convert graphics from one format into another,
using a portable intermediate format.  MGR bitmaps are supported, so you
can use PBMPLUS together with the client mgrview to view all kinds of
pictures, or to print MGR bitmaps.  I use it to watch GIFs on our Suns
and to create the screen.gif.  This is monochrome.

Available from: all over, try archie.


  PBMTOPRT and PBMSTREAM are not MGR related in any way, but neccessary
if you ever want to print something.  Pbmtoprt is far better than
pbmtoepson, because it supports more printers and it is a lot faster.
Pbmtoprt is used for printing bitmaps created by gropbm and works fine.
Pbmstream can separate a stream of pbm bitmaps to single files, it is
useful for things like ghostscript which outputs a stream of pbm
bitmaps.

Available from: ftp://ftp.thp.uni-koeln.de/pub/linux/mgr/pbmtoprt.tz
Also in the MGR distribution.

  GhostScript 2.4.1.6, 3.0 mgr patches are included in this distribution.
GhostScript allows previewing and printing of PostScript files.

Available from: each GNU archive


Michael (& Vincent)
