Mgr version 0.68

FreeBSD port donated by Tim Pierce.

Screen saver and locker built in to the server, on the quit menu.

Emacs support has new calls for creating windows attached to new ptys,
and this is used in new MIME support under Emacs Rmail and metamail.

Made the shape of the mouse cursor an attribute of the active window,
and change the cursor when a window is activated or the active window
changes this attribute.  Added a macro to the interface to copy
a scratch bitmap in a window to be the window's mouse cursor.
Deleted the experimental E_CURSOR symbol.

The width of a window border is now an attribute of that window, not global,
but there is no interface for changing that border width.

New fonts: betagreek-8x16 calligraf-8x14 calligraf-8x16
Old font deleted as duplicate: unknown9x16
added new icons icon/www/*

Add deviceinfo field to BITMAP, reordering some fields.
Add a void *devi argument to bit_initscreen(), usually
  NULL, but the Sun Pixrect driver stores a pixrect there.
The implementation of bit_static changed, requiring recompiling if you relink.
Add a BITMAP *bm argument to getpalette and setpalette.

Define interface macro m_findcolorrgb and change semantics of m_alloccolor.

New clients:  mnew pgmrawtomgr ppmrawtomgr vgafont2mgr mgrfont2vga ismgrterm
The colormap client can run a script from a file or stdin.

Various bug fixes, linting, and upgrades to clients.
Clients use is_mgr_term(), m_getdepth(), and strerror() instead
  doing those things by hand.
Mgrbd fix pointed out by pierce.

Experiments with the BANKED VGA blitting code.
Colorport driver simplified by combining cases.
New freebsd video driver derived from linux code.
Rescaling of color indices tweaked.
Some moribund screen drivers made available.
Linkage to linux asm code made ELF compatible.
Made blits without source bitmap do set/clear with default colors.

Moved dependencies files to ".depend"

Server colors are found among those existing, not grabbed.
Server option to initialize or not initialize the colormap.
Menu colors dont depend on active window colors.
Bug fix in .mgrc file setting of window sizes.
Bug fix in turning mouse on/off properly remembering state.
Bug fix in waiting for processes dying, when job control available.
Fix in calculating minimum window size.
Bug fix in initializing a Microsoft mouse, eliminate the initial  hang.
Made a number of BIT_SRC and BIT_NOT(BIT_SRC) into BIT_SET and BIT_CLR
  when there is no source bitmap.
Window border drawing is cleaner and faster.

README files updated.

